Download as PDF 
Three Blessing Reading for david 
Report created by Bill Hajdu 
Birth Date and Time: September 01, 1972  12pm
Your Chinese Astrology Signs:
Year: 
Water Rat 
Month: 
Earth Monkey 
Day:  Wood Sheep

Hour: Water Horse

Background

Luck. Prosperity. Longevity. Yes, please! I’ll take a whole bunch of each.

The Chinese say that these are the three Great Blessings in life – and I agree. In Vietnamese, the words are Phouc, Loc, Tho. If you look closely, you’ll see signs of this all over the world. For example, at the entrance of the Asian Garden Mall in Little Saigon, Westminster, California, there are statues that represent these three blessings – and the locals even call the mall Phouc Loc Tho. 

Clearly, Phouc Loc Tho is where it’s at. 

Yep, Chinese culture is loaded with stuff to help you have a good life. Certain customs and traditions that are built into everyday living are there for the sole purpose of enhancing the three blessings. 

But hold on. 

In order to really “get it,” you need to understand where Chinese Astrology comes in. As far back as anyone can remember, the Chinese have looked to the stars – and not just to admire their sparkle. Weddings. Pregnancies. Birthdays. Graduations. In Chinese culture, pretty much any important date is picked with some aspect of the Three Blessings in mind. So maximize that Luck, Prosperity, and Longevity!

You may know that long ago these techniques were only available to the emperor. But now anyone can use a Three Blessings reading to improve their Fate. 

With this reading, so can you. Now that’s a reason to celebrate.

Your Three Blessings Reading

So what’s this reading all about? Well, to start with, it’s based on your year, month, day, and hour of birth (The Four Pillars of Chinese Astrology). 

Why?

Since ancient times, the Chinese have believed your Fate is pretty much set when you’re born. But don’t bum out just yet. They also believe some of it is determined by what you do with your circumstances. You know, how you play the hand you’re given. For example, knowing which one of the Three Blessings Fate has given you the most of, you can focus on it. Know that’s where you’re most likely to get lucky.  And understand the others might require more work when it comes to getting what you want. Make sense? Good.

So how should you use this reading? Well, start with this.  As you’re reading, try to think in terms of patterns and reoccurring themes. What keeps coming up? What seems to be lacking? What might be your challenges? What might come easily for you?

Let’s face it. Human beings and their lives are complex. It’s not like one comment in this reading can sum up everything. I prepared your report using more than a few indicators. At least ten are used for each of the Three Blessings: Luck, Prosperity, and Longevity (or Health). Please remember: your Luck is going to vary depending on the time and the area of your life. It’s not constant like your Fate.

Another thing, one indicator might say you’re very lucky; the next might say you’re unlucky. 

Say what?

Don’t confuse yourself. This isn’t a contradiction. It simply reflects the fact that Luck varies. It comes. It goes. It’s stronger or weaker at certain times of your life. It can be positive in one area of your life, but negative in another.

Unlike Luck, the second blessing, Prosperity, is pretty much fixed. Let me explain that a bit more. When I say that Prosperity is fixed, I mean your potential for achieving it probably won’t vary much. What could change, however, is when you achieve it or how much of it you have. It might happen early on in life or much later. Or, your money situation could go up and down throughout your life (as it often does for most people!) And think about the different ways you can make money. Maybe your Fate is to be successful in your career but to not do well when it comes to investments. That’s why you have to consider all the indicators and not focus on a single one.

Let me say one thing about the third blessing, Longevity. I’ve expanded its meaning to include Health in general. This should make sense, since good health contributes to Longevity, right? Right. 

Just remember this: within the parameters of your Fate, you have the ability to determine the final outcome. And you’ll be able to do it better with the insights you’re about to receive.

Your reading is split into four parts – beginning with one for each of the Three Blessings. Luck – since it affects the other two – is first. Then I talk Prosperity and Health. A wise man once said how a person masters their Fate is more important than what it is. I couldn’t agree more. So I’ve concluded with a whole section giving ways to improve your Luck.

Enjoy!

Your reading
1. 
Luck 

2. 
Prosperity 

3. 
Health(Longevity) 

4. 
Improving Your Luck 

Excited yet? You should be! This reading is jam-packed with information that’s going to help you analyze and understand the rest of your life! 

By now it should be pretty clear that many factors go into your chart. And yes. There’s a lot more to Chinese Astrology than just knowing you’re a Dragon, Pig or Rooster. Even this reading is only part of the whole picture – but an important one. 

Another thing. Don’t consider this a roadmap with the route already marked out. What do I mean by that? Well, your chart can only tell you about a particular opportunity or advantage. It’s totally up to you to grab it and do something with it.  You have to use your strengths to compensate for weaknesses. You have to capitalize on good times so you can more easily ride out the rough ones.  And often you’re going to have to figure out how to do that.

Chinese Astrology outlines the parameters of things in your life, but decisions are ultimately up to you. And so is the work to be done. Astrology shows the car on a set path. You’re the driver. Find ways to get around obstacles in the road, maximize your speed when you can, and put on the cruise control when life is good to just enjoy the scenery. 

Time to begin.

Section 1 - Luck
Introduction

Luck. Sometimes you have it. Sometimes you don’t. It varies from one person to the next. You have lots at one time in your life, and then it’s nowhere to be found during others! So be real. Rarely is your Luck all good or all bad. Just as life itself is complicated, so is your Luck.

Don’t get all excited when I tell you you’re really lucky when it comes to this or that. And, don’t get down on yourself when I say you could have trouble with this or that. If you’re blessed with good luck, great! If you read you’re not, keep reading. At the end of the report you’ll find things you can do that will help you get more out of the Luck you do have. When all is said and done, does it matter whether Fate gave you that Luck or you made it yourself?!

You’re probably wondering where Luck comes from – or rather how I came up with score. A very good question. It’s mainly  a matter of timing.  Start with your year, month, day and time of birth. Each has an element and an animal sign. Add some stars to the mix. Then blend in Chinese ideas of balance, harmony and (life) cycles. Find indicators that put numbers to all those relationships. And, finally, add up the score. In a moment you’ll see there is a short explanation for each. Here are the indicators:

<<<<<put the indicators in a graphic>>>>>>  
  
What the Elements Say   
  
<<<<graphic of the 5 elements>>>>

I start with elements for a reason. You see in Chinese Astrology elements are just as important as the animal signs. In fact when it comes to Luck, they rule. 

When I say they rule, I mean they. You don’t just have one element. 

You have an element as well as an animal sign for your year, month, day and time of birth. And, each animal sign has a native or fixed element.  

Say what?

Well, let’s break this down further. Let’s say you were born in February of 1983 – the year of the Water Pig. But depending on the month, day, and exact time you were born, you are going to carry the influence of those elements as well. For example, maybe it’s a Fire month, a Fire day, and a Water hour when you were born. This would mean you have a dominant amount of Fire and Water in your chart, especially since the Pig’s fixed element is Water. 

Element Mix

Fate has blessed you with balance – or not. A lot of this means not enough of that. So you can have too much of a good thing. I usually explain it this way. Strength does not come in the form of a star athlete who can’t pass algebra. Rather, having no big weakness is true strength.

So that’s where I’ll start. This first indicator focuses on balance. Do you have too much of one element or too little of another? Or is your mix just right? Balance equals good Luck while excesses and shortages – well, you may get the other kind.

<<<REPLACE THIS WITH A BANNER GRAPHIC: So here are your elements: 32220.>>>

This is a little unbalanced but relatively normal, showing one strong, three, approximately average and one weak area in terms of your capabilities and life stages. This is LUCKY, as you should have enough chi (energy/life force) to take advantage of opportunities and to deal with problems during most of your life, with possibly one period of significant weakness. 

<<<NEED TO DEAL WITH TIME UNKNOWN: Maybe a note: *It’s true you totally lack one element. But I don’t know your hour of birth. There’s a chance it has some of your missing element. That’s why I’m still giving you a good rating in spite of the zero.>>>>>>

  Element cycle

Here I also zero in on elements, but now timing is what’s important. There are fire elements, so I look at your life in five stages, one for each element. In Chinese Wood (green, spring) represents new growth, so it rules your earliest years. Then come Fire, which is the element linked education. It oversees your school years. Next is practical Earth, which goes with starting a career and family. Metal, the money symbol, comes next, as it has the say over your period of peak earnings. Finally, Water governs retirement, a more placid time.

That’s the natural cycle. But that’s not how it goes for everyone. Depending on your birth info, it may or may not be in harmony with yours. 

The first stage of your personal, life cycle is ruled by the element, Wood – bingo! This is LUCKY, as your element cycle is in harmony with the natural order. This not only favors you in the first stage but also throughout life, as your ruling element will match the natural element in every, succeeding one. 

  Year of birth

Ok. So you already know your year of birth has an animal sign. And it also has an element. For instance, take that person born in the Water (Pig) year of 1983.  Well, the fixed element of the Pig sign is already Water. They’re the same, and that’s neutral. They don’t really help or hurt each other.

So how can your year can be Lucky? Well take a look at this:

Constructive Element Relationships
These relationships are said to be nurturing, supportive, and conducive to growth:
Water can generate Wood by helping plants grow
Wood feeds Fire
Fire creates Earth in the form of dust or ash
Earth creates the place for Metal to be formed
Metal can hold and support Water in the form of a container

Destructive Element Relationships
These relationships are said to be nurturing, supportive, and conducive to growth:
Water will put out Fire
Fire melts Metal
Metal can chop Wood
Wood can part the Earth
Which cycle are your elements in? Obviously your year is Lucky if they’re in the constructive relationship cycle.

Your birth year element, Water, is the same as your fixed element. This is NEUTRAL in terms of your luck. It neither adds to nor detracts from your chi (energy/life force). 

What the Stars Say

I’d like you to know your reading is special – probably unique. You see it combines both Four Pillars and Purple Star Astrology. The next four indicators are based on the stars, not a Four Pillars (or BaZi) chart.

Month of birth

Timing is everything. The fact is some months are better than others for you. The details are not important, but I will say this indicator comes from the stars ruling your birth month as well as your signs

You were born in the month of the Monkey, the seventh month of the lunar calendar. Your fate is most likely to have a relatively rewarding, fun and interesting life but without spectacular success. This indicator is NEUTRAL. 

  Day of birth

Astronomy and Chinese Astrology have always gone together hand in hand. So it’s no surprise each day is ruled by a constellation. Really no different from Western Astrology months being ruled by tem. And of course some are Lucky and some not. 

The constellation ruling your date of birth is Ch'io, or Horn, which is associated with the Dragon, East and new growth, and, therefore, LUCKY.

Purple Star

The most important star in Chinese Astrology! Purple is for royalty, and it represents the Emperor. You can see then it gives a lot of Luck to wherever it appears on your chart.

<<<Nice! The Purple Star is in your Ming Palace. This is wonderful luck as this Palace impacts all the others as it represents your overall Fate.>>>

                                                              OR

<<< The Purple Star is in your XXX Palace. I can only give that a Neutral rating. Sure, that area of your life is probably Lucky. But to receive the blessing it has to be in your Ming Palace. That’s where its Luck will influence all 11 of the others. Not to worry. Your situation is normal; that’s how it is for most people.>>>

Ming Palace

Here’s where you can get an overall idea of your overall Fate. Since that affects every aspect of your life, it’s a blessing to have Lucky stars dominate this Palace.

<<<<graphic>>>

 Looking good. Lucky stars dominate.  

What Your Chart (Life Cycle) Says

Timing and Luck go hand in hand. How has Fate treated you? Will opportunity come your way when you’re best able to act on it – or will you still be in your crib? And how about that critical time in your life when you leave school and head off into the real world? Will it be a strong time in your life?

 Opportunity

There are five forces, one for each of the five elements or the five stages of life. Yes, five keeps coming up in Chinese Astrology. But right now I’m only concerned about one force – opportunity. At what time in your life are you likely to have your biggest opportunity? Fate has blessed you if the timing comes when you’re best able to take advantage of it.

For you the moment of Opportunity is at Adulthood, which is LUCKY. This could, for example, manifest as a career break or successful investment, which results in a solid financial position.
 
 

Maturation

Ah, Maturation. You’ve finished school and are ready to take on the world – a critical time in your life. You’ve prepared for it, but there’s a catch. Your Chi (energy or life force) varies throughout your life. It would be nice if Fate has blessed you with lots of Chi at this important stage.

Your chi rating at Maturation is above average. This indicator is LUCKY. In terms of your energy level you are likely to have a greater chance of success than the majority of your peers as you embark upon your career. 

What Your Animal Signs Say

Year Sign
Is there such a thing as a Lucky sign? How about unlucky signs? Rest easy, no sign is considered Unlucky in Chinese Astrology. Four signs, however, are Lucky. The Dragon and Tiger are famous for giving protection and good Luck. Next time you’re in a Chinese restaurant take a close look at the counter. Chances are you’ll see a happy Pig close to the cash register. Yep, a Lucky Pig to bring in money. Finally, the Rabbit (Cat in Vietnam) is thought to be Lucky, as it is in the West.

Your Rat sign is NEUTRAL. You tend to be more adept than others when it comes to getting out of a difficult situation. It is more likely this rather than Luck that keeps you in or ahead of the

Month Sign
Timing is everything. The fact is some months are better than others for you. The details are not important, but I will say this indicator comes from the stars ruling your birth month as well as your signs

You were born in the month of the Monkey, the seventh month of the lunar calendar. Your fate is most likely to have a relatively rewarding, fun and interesting life but without spectacular success. This indicator is NEUTRAL. 

Hour Sign
Western Astrology has its ascendants. And they’re important. No different with Chinese Astrology. The fourth pillar, your hour of birth has a lot to say about how Lucky you’re going to be.

Your Fate is to be born at midday. Lucky you! This is an auspicious time.

 Internal Sign Compatibility

Your overall, internal compatibility is significantly above average, which is LUCKY. This can have a positive effect on your self esteem, self confidence and decisiveness, as the various aspects of your personality tend to be in harmony. 
game. 

Conclusion

Now it’s time to do the math. I don’t need to tell you it’d be a miracle if you only had Lucky ratings. Life isn’t like that. The same thing goes for the other direction. If you get the blessing – wonderful. If not, all is not lost. You’re probably going to pick up Lucky ratings here and there. And, of course, you could still receive one or both of the other two blessings. Here’s the bottom line:

You have eight LUCKY, four NEUTRAL and no UNLUCKY indicators. Your fate is you are extremely LUCKY. You will find that you are luckier than most people. You will have many opportunities, and there will be times when success comes easily. You will be more lucky at certain times and in different areas, but fate is definitely with you. 

Section 2 - Prosperity
Introduction

Prosperity. Yes, I’m talking financial success. Money. It can come from wages, stocks, real estate, or any kind of investment. And sometimes it just falls from the sky. You know, lottery winnings or an inheritance.

Think about this though. Prosperity means different things to different people. How much money is enough for you? What do you consider prosperous? Here’s another issue. How realistic are your goals, given your situation and background? Well now you’re about to find out what your chances are -- assuming your expectations are in line with your reality. 

What the Elements Say

From the last section you know my feelings about the elements. They’re the first thing I look at since they’re so important.

General Indicators

Ok. As there with Luck, there are some general indicators when it comes to your Prosperity rating. I’m not going to go into the details of your chart here. Just let me say they are linked to your elements.

Your indicators have an above average rating and are, therefore, LUCKY. Financial success should come relatively easily to you if you apply yourself. 

 Year Element

You were born in a Water year. This indicator is NEUTRAL, as Metal is the element that best indicates money and the accumulation of wealth. 

What Your Animal Signs Say

Year Sign

True, all 12 signs were created equal. Each has its strengths and weaknesses. It may not be fair, but it turns out some have a better shot at Prosperity than others. Being a good manager. Handling money. Starting a business. Or just being Lucky. So is your sign one that usually has any of these advantages?

Of all the signs the Rat is in general the best entrepreneur. You are likely to be interested in making money. You could also be endowed with the Rat's vision and foresight, particularly in the area of identifying and acting upon ways to create Wealth. The indicator is LUCKY. 

What the Stars Say

Day of Birth

As with Luck, the constellation that rules your birth date has something to say about your chances of making money.

Your birth date is ruled by Ch'io or Horn, a favorable omen for good weather, ground breaking and making purchases, and, therefore, LUCKY.

What Your Chart Says

General Indicators
Your indicators have an above average rating and are, therefore, LUCKY. Financial success should come relatively easily to you if you apply yourself. 

 

What Your Life Cycle Says
 
As you already know each of the five elements goes with a stage of your life. There are also five “influences” for each. How these match up and when they occur help to determine how much money you’re likely to see in your life.

Opportunity

Opportunity is one of the five influences, and it’s a big one. Here’s when and where you can expect the big one.

Time of Opportunity

Will you be ready when Opportunity knocks? It might be helpful to know when that might be. And here you go.

Nice. It strikes during mid-life, your time of peak earnings. Perfect. This indicator is Lucky.

Kind of Opportunity

OK, so you’re going to have a big opportunity in your life. It may, or may not, help you make a lot of money. And your chart says ….

There is a chance you will derive considerable wealth from shrewd investments. If acted upon this signifies acquiring riches and should be considered a LUCKY indicator. 

  Maturation

You’ve finished school and are starting out on your career. You want to work hard and do a good job. But will you have the energy to do it? Your chi or energy level varies throughout your life. Hopefully Fate blesses you with a lot at this important time. 

Your chi level at Maturation is above average. This indicator is LUCKY. 

 Mid Life

This is the stage of your life when you’re well along on your career. Or starting a second or third! For most people it’s the time they make the most money. As with Maturation, this is a time you want strong chi.

Your chi level at Adulthood is average. This indicator is NEUTRAL. 

What Your Animal Signs Say

Month Sign

Depending on what month you were born, you will have a different animal that rules over it. (This is separate from your year animal sign.) When it comes to money, some animal months are considered better indicators for the possibility of getting rich. 

You were born in the month of the Monkey, the seventh month of the lunar calendar. This is a NEUTRAL indicator in considering your potential to accumulate wealth. Your month bodes well for your happiness and relationships but only modestly so for financial success. 

Hour Sign

Conclusion

And now it’s time to add up the score. The blessing is yours if you have more Lucky ratings than anything else. 

You have five LUCKY, four NEUTRAL and one UNLUCKY indicator. Fate has decreed you are LUCKY and have a very good chance of becoming prosperous. You have the potential to accumulate significant wealth and may not even have to work that hard for all of it. There is little reason you should not be very comfortable in retirement; although, your life will not be completely without financial worries. 

Section 3 – Longevity/Health

Introduction

Longevity. What does that even mean? It’s the kind of word that can mean a lot of things, isn’t it? For this report, when we talk about Longevity, we’re talking about your Health. The indicators in this section will refer to your energy levels, lifestyle habits, and yes – even bodily functions. Told you we were going to go into detail!

By the way, I never tell anyone they’re going to live to a certain age. I don’t believe that can be done. I do think I can tell you what your chances are. Now this is important. Think about the weather. What if the weather man tells you there’s only a 25% chance of rain tomorrow – and it rains! The odds were against it, but it happened. I tell you this because I don’t want you to be discouraged if you don’t get as many Lucky ratings as you’d like. And the same thing goes for a good score. You can’t just ignore your health and do whatever you like and think you’re going to get the blessing. You’ll still have to take at least reasonably good care of yourself. But be happy knowing it’s probably going to be easier for you than for other people.  

What the Elements Say

Yes, your elements have a direct tie in to your Longevity and good Health. Do you have a healthy balance of them? Where do they appear in your chart? How well do they match up with the forces that operate at different times in your life? All these factors are important.

General Indicators

Your birth date (The Four Pillars) determines which elements best reveal your chance of enjoying happiness, good health and Longevity. I talk in terms of Chi, your life force or energy level. Your Chi is as strong as the amount of those elements in your chart. 

Your chi (energy/life force) rating for Health is well above average and, therefore, LUCKY. You have a good chance of enjoying excellent health in your life. 

Heavenly stem

Just like the elements can influence your financial success, they can also do a number on your health and well-being. Boisterous Fire types could burn out easily or have anger issues. Metal people might be high-strung. Another thing? Different body parts can be affected by your ruling element, making you susceptible to certain difficulties or illnesses. 

You were born in a Water year. You are likely to have a lot of empathy, if not hypersensitivity, to the feelings emotions of others, not to mention having a lot of your own. This makes you vulnerable to stress and, in extreme cases, breakdowns. You could also be susceptible to problems with the kidneys, bladder or ear. This indicator is, therefore, UNLUCKY. 

Element mix

Remember when we talked about the element mix before? Basically, it’s good to have a decent amount of each of the five elements in your chart. You see each controls at least one organ in your body.  Good balance is a sign your body will perform well for you well into your later years.

2 
0 
3 
2 
2 

You may only have a shortage of one element. You should be able to generally maintain good health for most of your life. This indicator is therefore LUCKY. 

What the Stars Say

 Day of Birth

Remember your birth constellation? Here it is again, explaining what it means for your overall Health and Longevity.

Your birth date is ruled by Ch'io or Horn, an auspicious constellation. It is associated with healthy growth and, therefore, LUCKY.

Your Health Palace

Fortunately your Purple Star chart has exactly what you need, a Palace devoted to your Health. It sometimes talks about long life as well.

You have both good and bad stars in your Health Palace. Well, at least you have a Neutral rating here.

Very Lucky Stars

Do you have one of these gems in your Health Palace? I’ve picked the two most likely to predict good health and long life. You are blessed if you have either.

Lucky you. The Heavenly Minister (T’ien Hsiang ) is in your Health Palace.

What Your Chart (Life Cycle) Says

Happiness

We’ve all read the studies. Happiness is associated with better health. And guess what? Your chart shows your chances of being blessed with it. I won’t go into the details. Just know it depends on a combination of elements and forces and where they show up on your chart. 

Your chart shows this to be a strong area for you. This indicator is thus LUCKY. 

Longevity

So here we have that Longevity word again. And now I’m talking about your later years. Chi is key here. If your energy level is strong when you’re older, you’re going to have a better chance of staying active as well as living to a ripe old age. 

In your later years your chi is likely to be strong, making this a LUCKY indicator. 

What Your Animal Signs Say

Year Sign

Each animal sign has its own indicators for health, too. What do I mean? Well, let’s take the Pig, for example. An issue for a Pig person might be a tendency to overindulge in food and drink. For a Horse, a health issue might be fatigue from overwork or too much physical stress on the body. These indicators are just general ones, based on your animal sign. But they can tell you what factors might influence your health – for better or worse. 

There are two Rat characteristics that endanger Health. The first is spending too much time in your head. This can make it difficult for you to relax and adds to stress. The second is a tendency to push yourself to the limit, eventually resulting in exhaustion. This indicator is therefore UNLUCKY. 

Month Sign

Your month sign also has a lot to do with your health. A mellow Pig born in an active Horse month might have a tough time finding balance between rest and activity. A sensitive Sheep born in a Rabbit month, on the other hand, may be ultra-tuned to her own body and needs.  

You were born in the month of the Monkey, the seventh month of the lunar calendar. You are likely to eventually derive significant happiness from your marriage, but that will not completely make up for overuse of your mind. This indicator is, therefore, NEUTRAL. 

  Element mix
2 
0 
3 
2 
2 
You may only have a shortage of one element. You should be able to generally maintain good health for most of your life. This indicator is therefore LUCKY. 

Conclusion

You have seven LUCKY, two NEUTRAL and two UNLUCKY indicators. You have the good fortune of having an excellent chance of enjoying good health and a long life. Since there are two, unfavorable indicators, you can expect some problems. Generally, however, your robust health should contribute to your achieving your goals and enjoying life, giving you an overall rating in this area of LUCKY. 

How You Can Improve Your Luck

Actually that’s misleading. You see Fate fixes the amount of Luck you have. What I should say is how you can improve upon your Luck. Yes, your Fate is fixed. But, and it’s a big but, what you do with it definitely is not. So what I’m going to tell you now is how to make the most of the Luck you have. And you have some, even if you have none of the three blessings!

I’d like to start by telling you the name of a book. It’s The Imperially Authorized Treatise on Harmonizing Times and Distinguishing Directions. OK, I know you’re not going to run right out to the bookstore and pick up a copy. Here’s why I brought it up. The title highlights the two most important things you need to do to make the best of your situation. The first point in a word is timing. And the second refers to Feng Shui. From here on I’ll be talking a lot about both. 

Timing

Timing is so important, so that’s where I’ll start. I have different suggestions depending upon the length of time I’m talking about. And I mean a day, month, year, decade or stage (one fifth) of life. Believe there are things you can do to make the most of your Luck in each of these.

Day

No, I’m not going to tell you to plan every day of your life according to your horoscope. Who’s got the time or patience to do that?! On the other hand you want to always consult the Chinese Almanac when you’re planning something really big. You know, a wedding, long trip, starting a business. Everything that matters to you. I’d even look at lucky hours when it comes to, say, planning a wedding.

Here’s something I do suggest you do faithfully. Take a look at next month’s almanac. Note all the very Lucky days – and the extremely unlucky ones. Simple. Do all your important stuff on the Lucky ones, and curl up on the couch with a good book on the others. If there’s something specific you want to do, say go out for dinner, pick one of the good days for it.

The Chinese Almanac (Tong Shu) is readily available in any Chinatown, but it’s in Chinese. I have created a modernized almanac in English and put in online. You can see today’s info at www.onlinechineseastrology.com. 

Month

Year

Decade

Stage of Life

Appendix 1 - About Chinese astrology

The roots of Chinese astrology go back thousands of years. Needless to say in the course of millennia a number of different systems have been used. There are two main types, those that rely on birth data alone, and those that use birth data but rely primarily on positioning of stars and planets. Most use the lunar calendar (see Appendix 2 for more info on the Chinese calendar) which bases its calculations on the cycles of the moon. That is why Chinese New Year falls on a different date every year. Some Chinese systems use the solar year as Western astrology does. Both, however, make use of Chinese five element theory. The five elements are Wood, Fire, Earth, Metal, and Water, always being given in that order. It is said to be a productive cycle, that is Wood produces Fire; Fire produces Earth; Earth produces Metal, Metal produces Water, and Water produces Wood, thus continuing the cycle. The balance of these elements and their positioning in a Chinese chart determine many components of a person's luck and fate. Chinese astrology is a complicated set of systems of analysis, which is not unlike life itself. It rarely yields a simple answer. Even when there is a single indicator, it does not tell the whole story. A person's health, for example, is likely to vary over the course of a lifetime. Overall health may be rated good, but during a period of weak chi a person could still be susceptible to problems. There is one more very important thing to know about Chinese astrology. Chinese astrologers are not strict determinists. In other words they do not believe a person’s fate is sealed in stone at the moment of birth. What they do believe is that a person’s time and place of birth set parameters, boundaries within which a person has more or less freedom. What happens within these boundaries is influenced not only by free will but also by external indicators such as financial status of the family, the culture, and the local economy. In one way this is just common sense, not unlike what people in the West already believe. If your adult height is five feet one inch, you’re not likely to be a professional basketball player. If your IQ is less than 100, you’re not likely to be a chemical engineer. There is of course a whole body of Chinese philosophy and culture underlying the precepts and findings of Chinese Astrology. The subject of Chinese studies, as fascinating as it is however, is well beyond the scope of this basic introduction. One point worth mentioning, though, is that balance plays a central role in Chinese thought. Even this idea has Western counterparts, Aristotle’s golden mean for example. In Chinese thought a star athlete who flunks Algebra is still weak. True strength comes from balance. A strong chart will be balanced in terms of both signs and elements. Ideally a person will have, for example, a mix of strong and gentle signs as well as of elements. And, if a person has a variety of signs as opposed to, say, two Monkey and two Pig signs, so much the better. That means the person has a wider range of capabilities. Much of the above discussion has been about personality and abilities. Originally, however, the primary purpose of Chinese astrology was fortune telling. The focus is usually on what will happen to people in various stages of their lives or a specific duration of time, or on what people should do on a particular day or in a certain month or year. Most of the information you will find in English on Chinese astrology will be about personality. This reading does not address that area. It is strictly about your Luck. Please understand, however, that there is no magic bullet, no single answer. Human life is complicated; there are ups and downs. People enjoy good luck as well as bad. 
Appendix 2 - The Chinese Calendar 

The Chinese lunar calendar differs significantly from the Western calendar. The primary difference is that the months of the Chinese calendar are directly tied to the phases of the moon. These phases, however, do not fit in with the length of the year as measured by the Earth’s revolution around the sun. The Western calendar is fixed in the sense that each New Year begins on solar/Western calendar date January first. Because the Chinese New Year must correlate with a moon phase, it falls as early as January 22nd and as late as February 19th on the Western calendar. This has significant implications for Chinese Astrology. First, however, it’s important to understand the primary difference between Chinese and Western astrology. Chinese astrology focuses on the year sign, and Western astrology focuses on the month sign (Aquarius, Pisces, etc.). Chinese astrology does, however, have month signs. This can be confusing because the month signs have the same name as the year signs. Furthermore, when we say a Chinese sign corresponds to a Western sign, e.g., Ox to Capricorn, we do not mean the person was born in a Capricorn month. Rather, we mean the person’s Chinese year-sign traits roughly correspond to the traits of that Western sign. Adding to the confusion is the fact we can’t know a person’s Western sign simply by knowing the person’s Chinese month sign. For example, a person born on the first day of the seventh month (July 1 in Western terminology) of the Chinese calendar year 1979 was actually born on August 23rd of the Western calendar. Since July 1st is Cancer and August 23 is Leo, it’s easy to see the confusion. As with the months, neither do Chinese and Western years match exactly. Thus, even though we might know a person’s Chinese sign, we still cannot be sure of their year of birth. Conversely, if we know a person’s year of birth, we cannot be sure of their Chinese sign. Let’s say someone was born in 1978 (Chinese year of the Horse) on the Western calendar. They would only be the Horse sign if born after February 6th; since, Chinese New Year was February 7th by the Western calendar. The Chinese Horse year 1978 actually has the Western calendar dates included in the period February 7, 1978 through January 27, 1979. This is especially important when evaluating compatibility. Signs most compatible with the Horse (Tiger and Dog) are not nearly so compatible with the Snake, which is the sign of people born in 1978 but earlier than February 7th on the Western calendar. 

We Appreciate Your Feedback
Please click the button to send us your comments on onlinechineseastrology.com